************start solve*************
simulate_trajectory start
simulate_trajectory end
for i in range(max_iters):
================= i=0======================
cost_function_traj_flip start
cost_function_traj_flip end
backward_pass start
backward_pass start
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
backward_pass end
backward_pass end
forward_pass start
forward_pass
forward_pass end
cost_function_traj_flip start
cost_function_traj_flip end
================= i=0======================
================= i=1======================
cost_function_traj_flip start
cost_function_traj_flip end
backward_pass start
backward_pass start
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
backward_pass end
backward_pass end
forward_pass start
forward_pass
forward_pass end
cost_function_traj_flip start
cost_function_traj_flip end
================= i=1======================
================= i=2======================
cost_function_traj_flip start
cost_function_traj_flip end
backward_pass start
backward_pass start
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
linearize_dynamics end
quadratize_cost start
quadratize_cost end
linearize_dynamics start
